  Slow rotation of lazy susan
    Buy used motor in Wilmington

  That (motor) would be for a super-high-end version of the product
  There's also the computer vision / graphics projection-mapping to consider.
    Orthographic view != real camera view
    Simply put, the input to a camera is not perfectly Cartesian.  To properly mask the voxels, we either need to map the mask or the image to the "Cartesian" view

  I actually think we NEED the 360 degree video to make the surface mesh properly.  We need enough images that we can throw out the noisy A) images and B) masks.
    But EVEN IF we do absolutely EVERYTHING necessary:
      1.  Mapping perspective to the "Cartesian" numpy voxels    (ie. how an infinite road ahead of you would look like it vanishes at the horizon, but actually the sides of the road are parallel so the road couldn't POSSIBLY vanish)
        a.
      2.  Tossing noisy video frames (images)
      3.  Tossing noisy segmentation masks
      4.  Properly training the "neural network" to "learn" the right SMPL model
        a.  ie. wiggle the betas
      5.  Center the masks on the SMPL model such that the points actually correspond to each other
      6.  Rescale the masks to the size of the SMPL model
      7.  Make it run quickly enough that people don't get bored waiting (~17 seconds without another person in the room)
      8.  Fit the customer's face onto the SMPL mesh's face and make it look not-creepy (ie. add blinking, whatever else people find uncanny about virtual avatars)
      9.
      10.
      11.
      12.
      13.
      14.
      15.
      16.
      17.
      18.

    People still might not want it and we'd have to sell sell sell.  But maybe by that time, the market would actually be ready for such a product (ie. more developers making apps for Oculus) and we'd be able to find customers more easily.  But then they also have to either A) buy the motorized lazy susan or B) live within walking distance of one of us.
    Anyway, that's the 50,000 foot view; I don't really have time to worry about this right now.  But I DO know there's just far too many SMPL betas to tune them each manually.  The only possible successful route involves getting 80% of the way to 
    Plus, the margin on clothing sales can't be that great.  That's probably why people insist on doing AR/VR with furniture instead; the higher the profit margin, the better the business.

    But I may as well see it through.  I would regret it otherwise.  Plus, how am I going to have anything on my resume if I quit?  Nah, we're either gonna A) win or B) go down swinging.


